So you are watching and listening to the
electronic inifat. I am John Elmer. This
is the resistance report for day 895 of
Israel's genocide, day 20 of the
USIsraeli war on Iran. Um I am reporting
this on the afternoon of Thursday, March
19th. Things are changing quickly, but
this the this coverage of the third week
of the war will never change. Um so uh
you're going to hear from the IRGC and
the Iranian army. We're going to hear
from the Iraqi resistance and Hzbollah.
So stay tuned for that. But let's start
as always with the maps of the region so
people can get our grounding here. We're
seeing uh the first map of the US bases
in the region that have been uh targeted
particularly Bahrain, Kuwait, um Qatar,
the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Mouafa Kaltti in
Jordan, and then of course all across
Israel um the Iranian Revolutionary
Guard Corps, the Islamic Revolutionary
Guard Corps um have said that they are
dividing their operations about 40 to 60
um uh 40% to Israel, 60% to high-V value
targets in US positions throughout uh
the Gulf region. So far, the US uh has
said that they've struck 7,800 targets
in Iran. The IDF says 7,500 bombs
dropped. The IRGC has fired more than a
thousand missiles, more than 3,000
drones, and Hzbollah and the Iraqi
resistance have together carried out
more than a thousand operations. 1,300
people have been killed in Iran, 20,000
injured. Um uh about a dozen in Israel
have been killed and 12 more um across
the entire Gulf region for all of these
operations by the Iranians. Um so again
the uh massacre quotient is wildly um
disproportionate to the Israelis and the
Americans as always. Um let's take a
look at the next slide. We will see um
these attacks grow each circle. Uh the
larger the circle the more number of
attacks and you can see this covers up
to March 13th from the beginning of the
war. So you really can see uh all the
targeting uh of the groups. The red dots
are Iranian. Um the black dots are the
Iraqi resistance. Um the beige is Israel
and the gray in the south of Iran is the
United States. Um and as I said those
bases across the region have been
targeted. high-V value targets has been
Iran's strategy knocking out uh radar
systems um upon which the aerial defense
array is dependent um and preparing for
a long war. they have been um uh
targeting these high-V value targets
early in the war. That will make the
later stages of the war a lot more
difficult for uh the US uh and Israel to
defend. And the Gulf states are already
weigh in over their head uh trying to
defend their territory uh from uh their
US bases and installations in their
territories. and increasingly today,
although Alli will talk more about that
uh after targeting uh oil infrastructure
and uh gas infrastructure after the
targeting uh by Israel of the South Pars
gas field last night. Um we could see
the next slide, the straight of Hormuz.
This is of course the main choke point
that we're looking at. We're looking at
a map here from the International Space
Station um which shows that choke point.
The north is the uh Iranian coast all
the way across. Um you can see it's very
tight into their territorial waters. Um
Goldman Sachs was talking the other day
uh their energy um their energy speaker
was talking about the disruption of the
global supply chain that even if the war
ended today which it surely is not um
that the whole system um the supply
chain globally is um is really breaking
because we have ships that are um
stacked up on either side um of the
straight of Hormuz 20% of uh oil of the
world's oil goes through there. 20% of
the world's uh na natural gas also
significant fertilizer uh going through
there. And because the ships are all
stacked up there, um they're not going
back to their ports. They're not um
they're all in the wrong place. Um so,
um the straight of Hormuz is 18 million
barrels a day pass through there under
normal times. out of the 100 mil 100 100
million daily barrels uh um in the world
20% um 20% of the global oil supply is
effectively offline although as we'll
see in a bit um Iran is still um
exporting oil through um and their
allies are as well. We could take a look
at the next map and you can see the
transits uh of the ships through um the
straight of Hormuz starting from the day
before the war started um up until uh uh
several days ago and you could see that
it just basically completely stops. You
can see some Iranian vessels going
through clearly. Um you see a lot of GPS
jamming when you're looking at this as
well which is why the ships are
disappearing. But it gives you a good
sense uh of the way in which the um
global oil supply has been choked off by
uh strategic plan by Iran. Um so far
have not had to mine um the uh corridor
through the straits of Hormuz, but there
was uh some talk and some fear about
that for uh the US. But the real issue
here is I'm going to uh summarize this
by um an article that was in GC Captain
which is a maritime news service uh
heavily military focused. Um the problem
with the escorts uh creating an escort
to get uh US ships through uh the
straight of Hormuz is just something
simply that the United States cannot do.
They do not have the capacity. They have
74 destroyers, guided missile destroyers
in total. um one-third are in
maintenance, 24 left for the uh entire
planet. The carrier strike groups um
they rely on several each as escort and
protection. Um so you're down to uh
about a dozen um left over from that. Um
also they're slow. It'll take a long
time to mobilize to get them into the
region. Um, and of course Trump uh spat
on all his allies before then begging
them for um to come to to the uh escort
operation in the straight of Hormuz.
Each destroyer that would come would
carry 96 vertical launch missiles, but
they aren't all air defense. About a
third are tomahawks or third are
anti-ubmarine and a third are anti-air.
That leaves 32 air defense missiles per
ship. When those run out, the ship has
to sail to port to reload. The Navy
eliminated most of the at sea missile
reload capability. So the roundtrip
transit reload and return can take
weeks. Uh in this particular situation
they would be doing it uh at Diego
Garcia. But in the Red Sea example from
last year uh it took 3 weeks to reload
um the missile uh guided missile
destroyers of their anti-aircraft
uh uh missiles. So it's just something
that it's impossible to do. Let's look
at the next slide. You can see um uh the
straight of Hormuz. Again, a satellite
image. Trump said that he needed mind
sweepers, but it was reported in the
days before the war began that the US
pulled out several mind sweepers that
were already in the region. Um to give
you a sense of how little prepared they
seemingly were for this massive uh war
that has taken place. If we look at
number six, we can see an attack on a
vessel. Um, this is an American flagged
vessel hit by uh two explosive laden
unmanned boats uh off the uh coast of
Iraq here. Um, this has been one of 16
um vessels that have been targeted um
along this and the IRGC Navy spelled it
out clearly. They said vessels in the
strait must understand that this
insecurity is the result of US and
Israeli aggression and they must expect
wartime conditions for them and their
allies in the straight of Hormuz. So
wartime conditions are to be expected uh
in this area and that has effectively
shut the straight of Hormuz to um US and
allied transits. We can see in this next
slide from the Wall Street Journal that
that has not uh impacted uh Iran. We're
looking at a headline from the Wall
Street Journal this week that says
Iran's control of Hormuz means it is
exporting more oil today than before the
war. Their currency has increased as
well. Iran has apparently allowed um
some Chinese vessels to pass through and
apparently last week a couple of uh
Indian LG tankers. Um but they are not
allowing allies of the US or Israel to
pass through there. Um there was a
recording played by the Wall Street
Journal that showed um that had on board
with Chinese tankers and they uh radioed
that they are friendly and the Iranian
Navy allowed them to pass. Um so still
the Iranians are still exporting their
oil. And I want to give you in this next
one, there's going to be audio in it,
but I want to just, this video came out
this week from a dash cam from a car um
who was beside uh an Israeli strike in
uh Hamadan in the western area of Iran.
And we're going to go to that now.
Why?
So that was an attack on uh a nearby
position and you can just see from
inside that car first of all the dignity
and a plum that uh that the driver
handled that uh pretty tense situation
with. But just give you an idea uh of
what it's like to drive down a street uh
in Iran uh at any point uh over this uh
these last 20 days. Um 36 ambulance uh
stations have been uh damaged or
destroyed. Six hospital units uh
completely out of service. Um and 18
healthc care frontline uh paramedics
have been killed. Of course, we're
seeing that in uh Lebanon as well. And
Iran said this week that 43,000
non-military locations uh have been
damaged or destroyed so far in the first
20 days of this war. We can look at
number nine here. We talked about this
before the war um about uh how the
United States was setting up its
positions at these bases. They
consolidated them. We talked about that
um with Moafak Alsi in Jordan where
there was too many planes. uh the the
entire tarmac um area was full of planes
and essentially what the US is doing is
concentrating its air defenses around a
few key places. Um this is the Prince
Sultan uh air base in Saudi Arabia and
Mufa Kal Salty in Jordan has the same
kind of thing. Um they have concentrated
their air defenses and this is satellite
image from Mazar Vision uh from China.
But uh I meant to read read this out
last week when we were doing uh looking
at satellite mapping because uh the
satellite company Planet where most uh
of the western open source intelligence
mapping comes from they put out a
statement last week that said as part of
Planet's commitment to responsible data
practices and the safety of personnel on
the ground we are implementing temporary
adjustments to imagery across the
designated area of interest across the
Middle East. All new imagery collected
over the Gulf States uh Iraq, Kuwait, uh
and adjacent conflict zones will be
subject to a mandatory 96-hour delay
before it is available in our archive.
This change applies to both high and
medium resolution data. This measure is
intended to prevent adversarial actors
from using recent data uh for immediate
battle damage assessment and is rooted
in our commitment to ensuring the safety
of allied NATO partner personnel and
civilians on the ground. So pretty
remarkable stepping uh falling into line
of uh an American satellite company um
that has made it so the battle damage
assessments that we saw in the first
couple weeks uh haven't been happening.
But um if we look at the next uh the
next slide, we can see that these
tankers, those are um that we saw on the
previous slide, those are KC 135 aerial
refueling tankers, and they were all uh
globbed together on the tarmac. In this
Wall Street Journal story, um, five Air
Force refueling planes hit in an Iranian
strike on Saudi Arabia. Five US Air
Force refuel refueling planes were
struck and damaged on the ground at
Prince Sultan Air Base in Saudi Arabia,
according to two US officials. That is
the risk of concentrating your assets
all in one area, which we uh
foreshadowed on the uh pre-war buildup
show um four weeks ago's show. Now um so
you can see that there the KC31 135
Strato tanker these are refueling
aircraft that refuel the fighter jets in
the air. It allows them to extend their
range. It allows them to stay up in the
air on their bombing sorties. They're
critical part of the uh overall uh asset
infrastructure that the US are using for
this war. Um, and you'll see on the next
slide, we saw this week two of these
planes apparently collide in the air.
This is a statement from the United
States Central Command about the loss of
a KC135 over Iraq, which it describes as
friendly territory, although we're going
to watch a lot of Iraqi resistance
videos uh that would suggest otherwise.
Um, one of the planes crashed, lost uh
all six of the crew um on board and that
put uh in the second, if we look at the
next slide, you can see the second plane
managed to uh limp into Bengurian
airport where the US uh also uh has been
using uh a civilian airport um for its
military assets. And again, I showed you
that in the prelude uh to the war uh
episode that we did um that we saw
dozens of these refuelers in um in
Bengurian airport. Um and you can see on
the uh tail there that it's broken and
you can see it even closer there. Um
some of the KC 135 pilots were talking
about how near a miss that um that tail
rudder being broken would be for landing
and how close it was to losing two
planes. So they uh Americans have said
that it was uh it was over friendly
airspace. It was not friendly fire.
Supposition that the Americans are
putting forward is that the planes
collided. What we don't know and what we
do know from Yemen is that uh incoming
fire has made uh fighter jets and
aircraft carriers um change their course
uh rapidly drastic change of course um
that could have led to this uh accident
as well. But so far all we know um is
from the Americans and we'll see if they
uh tell us the full story about this.
But now because of the five on the
tarmac in Saudi Arabia and the two more
here in Bengurian, seven critically
important uh strategic assets are out of
the battle here. Uh now are we on 13? Is
this Yes, this is 13. Okay. So let's uh
move to um Iran just to say more than
200 American soldiers have been wounded.
That is the number that uh the Americans
are going with at this point right now.
But again really dragging their feet on
civilian or on uh casualty numbers
coming out from the United States and
also from Israel uh unsurprisingly. So
let's move to Iran's response. We are
looking here on the screen at the main
weapons that Iran uses. The Shahed 136
drone has been wreaking havoc across the
region. Um and then their ballistic
missile collection which puts them as
one of the world's uh top missile uh
countries. Those have been used that
we're seeing here the IMAD, the FATA
which is um which travels at hypersonic
speeds and the Kore which is um has a
two-tonon warhead or also a um
submunitions warhead and you're going to
see those uh launch in the coming slides
on the next um the next slide number 15
here. You're going to see uh again the
sort of sizing uh comparisons of each of
these families of weapons that the
Iranians have been firing consistently
uh throughout uh this battle. Um
although what you'll hear from the
Americans and from the Israelis is that
90% drop in drones and missile uh firing
from day one. But that's not how you
evaluate a war. First of all, day one is
of the war is generally a shock and awe
type uh um approach. Um which means you
use much more on the first day than you
would in the days to follow. Um but it's
also not Iran's strategy to just dump
their missile stocks. They are planning
for a long war, a war of attrition, a
war that once it ends, they still need
to be in um in in still have the ability
to defend themselves. Um and so they
have been striking high-V value targets,
advanced radars, um militaryindustrial
uh base of Israel, targeting US bases
that have basically destroyed most of
these bases. Um and that has been what
their strategic aim has been. So the
Americans uh prattling on about uh how
there's 90% less missiles from the first
day is mostly a statement about how many
missiles there were on the first day,
not a a drop in the missiles. the
missiles have been steady. Um the
Israelis talk about um consistently talk
about eight and nine um missile uh
attacks each day sending people to the
shelters up and down Israel. Um so just
to talk about that 90% number and then
Trump says 100%. So we won't even bother
with with that. Um let's look at the
next slide and you can see uh here's the
launches. Um each of these this launch
is the 54th wave. We're now up uh I
believe the 64th wave was today. Um but
you can see the launch of the GDD.
There's the FATA hypersonic uh travels
at Mach 16. Has a uh maneuverable
re-entry vehicle. Makes it a survivable
and accurate missile. This is the Kaibar
Shaan family of missiles that people may
remember are what the Ansarah movement
used. Uh they call theirs the Palestine
2. Um and we saw that being used to
target Israel. For their part, Ansar
Allah has stayed uh on the sidelines of
this battle. They have the ability to
really choke uh the international um
economy if they were to shut down the
Red Sea and the uh Suez Canal. Uh this
is an IMAD that you're seeing going up
now. Liquid fuel. You can see the liquid
fuel launchers um have more of the red
flame. This is the Sajil. This was the
debut of the Sajil in this um this is
the one of the more advanced uh and
newest of Iran's um the IRGC aerospace
uh force missile production. This was
released first in 2023.
Um and uh after this I'll give you a
better uh a shot of that missile. It's a
multi-stage missile thousand kilogram
warhead. If we see it on the next slide
there you can see the multi-stages
um which allow it to a greater
survivability through each of the
stages. The boost stage u the midcourse
flight stage and then the terminal
stage. Um each stage uh is controlled on
that multi-stage missile which makes a
problem for uh missile defense. Um so a
sophisticated missile that we're seeing
there. Um let's look at number 18. This
is the 58th wave. You're going to see
the GDD series uh here being launched.
You get a good view of that one. Um and
the Gdder carries a one- ton warhead.
It's also the one that they have had a
submunitions warhead. The garter has
about 20. We've seen somewhere between a
dozen and 20 submunitions released from
the garter over uh the skies of Israel
is where we really see it. Um, of
course, these missiles are also there's
the FATA again. You can see the
difference in the solid fuel launch uh
there. And again, so Israel saying that
these are happening all throughout the
day. Um, and in the next slide, we are
going to have uh sirens. You're going to
see the God arriving in Israel coming
up. So, heads up for the sirens.
And you can see that they break apart um
and they force the Iron Dome and David
Sling the lower level um interceptors to
try to find to try to hit those um of
course depleting their air defense um
while also uh striking a a wide range.
You can see there there's about 20 uh in
that gdder uh clip. The next one we can
see the launch of the Kuramshar 4 um at
night. Um this is again the two uh ton
warhead um carried on it. And this is
the one that has sometimes cluster um
submunitions in it that are released way
up in the atmosphere and spread out over
a wide distance. So not a bomb and not
really effectively described as a
cluster munition. Although um while
thousands of people die in Iran and
Lebanon, Amnesty International wants us
to call that a cluster bomb um which it
is clearly not. Um if we could take a
look at the next one, you'll see uh the
Korecoming
um with audio
or no there's no audio in this. This was
taken actually interestingly by um a
leading member of Israel's aerrol a
air air defense uh array uh a retired
officer and he uh recorded this off of
his roof. Didn't seem like he was so
concerned about the uh censorship, but
that gives you a good uh a good view of
uh the 80 submunitions that are in the
uh Karamsh 4. also a new uh missile.
You can see it there as a pretty good
shot of it. If for people not watching,
you're just watching streaks in the sky
uh separated by a great distance by this
point. Um
and working effectively and we've seen
that a number of times. In this next
slide, this is interesting because NBC
took this footage. It's crisp footage.
Um the audio is in but they this is from
the first day but they only released it
um they only released it this week
despite it being from the first day. So
they are obviously following uh
censorship laws um publishing this late.
Let's take a look at this number 22.
And so these are the strikes we did see
on the opening day of the war um hitting
Tel Aviv. We saw that in True Promise 3
hitting Tel Aviv, but we really haven't
seen a lot of that in this um in this
stage of the battle. The um civilian
targets are have not been the um
objective of the Iranians. They are
trying to keep the it seems to keep the
escalation ladder um to keep the
escalation in place to not climb the
escalation ladder. Um because right now
um I think from Iran's point of view,
they believe that they're winning this
war. They have the global economy um by
the throat. Um they have the American
bases in the region in a very uh
uncertain future. Um and they are they
have been saving their missiles uh
especially their advanced missiles for
um the period after um the targeting of
these radars that we have seen in every
uh Gulf state all around. Um so high
value targets and a battle of attrition.
So and I think that matches with what
we're going to see in the visuals um
throughout this number 24. You can see
them targeting Natim air base which is a
key uh sorry this is a strike on a road
outside of Jerusalem where you can see
the impact of the warhead um when
they're not um submunitions. That's a
direct um that's a direct strike on the
road outside of Jerusalem. You can see
the massive crater that we're looking
at. This is a photo from Reuters. Um,
even seeing these kind of photos are
rare through the censorship and they're
always a number of days uh delayed. So
now let's look at 24. You could see the
targeting of Natim uh air base. Um you
can see this from a closed circuit
camera that we're seeing here. And we
know from the previous True Promise
operations that you can see the bases
being hit even though they're out in the
desert. Uh, Nvatim is south of Beersa in
the Negab desert
um and it has been a target um in all
three of uh the previous true promise
operations. We can see the next slide uh
as well as you can see this incoming
uh missile strike on uh the Vatim air
base and um censorship does prevent us
from seeing what is happening and what
is being hit on those air bases which
are regularly being targeted. You can
see that in the um field reports by the
IRGC
um about those targets. Um let's take a
look at number 26. You can see the two
here main air defense systems. The THAAD
system. We know the radar was knocked
out. It's key advanced uh early warning
radar was knocked out. Half a um half a
billion dollar uh radar knocked out. You
could see that um this is from Reuters,
an infographic from Reuters. Um, the
Patriot system is firing $4 million
interceptors. And we saw yesterday in
the UAE uh one of those um appear to uh
misfire and dumped its uh magazine of
interceptors at nothing coming in um
expending um you tens of millions of
dollars. The THAAD interceptors are $15
million. And after uh all of these
videos of Iranian launches, the uh
Sentcom decide to put one out on there.
So, let's let's watch them try to copy
what the uh Iranians do here.
So, we're seeing the launch of the THAD
interceptors here. $15 million right
there being sent up in the air. Uh a
single interception. Presumably, if they
had more film on this, they would be
showing us more of these. Um, there you
see a night THAD interceptor that's
going to just head up into the sky. Uh,
it doesn't appear to be targeting
anything. So, just in those uh 6
seconds, you watched $30 million uh be
sent up into the sky. Um, number 28,
Iran is still downing drones. Um,
there's a number of these videos that we
could bring every single week. This is
an MQ9 Reaper that was downed over
Bandar Abbas. Um the IRGC are apparently
using their MadID air defense system um
for these takeouts and there the number
that the Iranians claim is 120 drones
between the Israelis and Americans taken
out. I don't know. Um, we haven't seen
the numbers broken down uh specifically,
but we have for sure seen dozens uh on
air and you've seen almost a dozen just
on this show uh alone. Um, let's take a
look at number 29. There's going to be
audio in this as um IRGC drones target
uh US bases.
So those are that's at IRGC aerospace
underneath it on that first slide. And
here you're seeing the Shahed 136 is
being launched. And the black ones are
interesting because those are uh usually
exported to Russia. Um so it's unclear.
Uh it seems to be suggesting that um
Iran is using some of its export
supplies uh as well, but what we haven't
seen is the more advanced drones.
They're still firing uh the 136s um from
the essentially from the old stock and
we're still now we're 20 days and 3,000
drones uh into this battle. And of
course the same targets here UAE,
Bahrain, Kuwait and Moaf Salty in Jordan
being targeted by these drones. Um and
uh again the Iran is a worldclass
producer of these drones. They are cheap
to produce 25 to 50 grand uh at the
most. Um, and they can be launched from
particularly from anywhere as you see
there being launched off a road um
there. Um, let's take a look at number
30 because you can get a closeup here of
the quad launcher that they're using,
the multiple launch uh drone system.
Yeah. So, multi-launch drone system
instead of a rocket system. We've seen
that. The canister launches. We've seen
larger ones than that. We've seen
shelves um that have eight on the shelf
um fired one after another. Um which is
useful to fire multiple at a time
because it can be dangerous, could be
tracked. Um, so the more you can get
off, um, the better you are. Number 31,
it's not just the IRGC, is also the
Iranian Army. These are Iranian Army
drones launching, uh, Artesh. This is
Artesh, the Iranian Army launching Arash
2 drone swarms. Um, the Arash has a
2,000 kilometer range. It's almost a
hybrid cruise missile that can be uh
steered um by a man in the loop. It's
150 kilogram warhead. Um, and we've seen
these be used a lot by um, uh, long,
these are long distance ones, but we've
seen the shorter range ones uh, the
Hadid 110 um, used all over the Gulf to
target bases. Um, now let's take a look
at the Iraqi resistance. They have got
drone operations going on as well. Here
we can see a firsterson quadcopter
drone. Um, this got a lot of attention
this week because um the first person
drone gives you a view uh of the drone
hitting um some kind of uh American uh
position inside Camp Victory. This is
their uh Baghdad uh airport base. And
you can see the the drone flying around.
And these are the drones that we see in
um Ukraine and Russia. Um, and they show
uh they would show if a soldier was
there um on camera before they were
killed. And I guess there's some
supposition that Americans will somehow
care more if they see um this quadcopter
hitting their troops than the much more
capable Shahad drones and of course the
ballistic missiles. So it it this is a
something that is new we're seeing for
the first time in this battle. Um, but
it's not a qualitative edge over um the
other weapons that have been used. Um,
but the Iraqis have a lot. Let's take a
look at 33 here because we have a uh I
stitched together a bunch of drone
operations here. We're looking at the
Iraqi resistance in an underground
uh launch station. You see the fighters
in their desert camo
uh moving through tunnels uh in Iraq to
get to these launching sites. Um,
there's a crew of about uh at least half
a dozen that we're seeing here. And
we're seeing the uh Shahed 101 drones
that are used by the Iraqis uh a lot. Um
there's going to launched from a
protected underground position. Um there
signs that they're showing to show the
date and the target and the targets are
um usually in Iraq. Um there they're
pledging allegiance to the new supreme
leader and saying that they are on the
battlefield for him with their drones
and their rockets. Um and they're going
to open the roof here of this sheltered
launch space uh and launch their drones.
Now we're getting an overhead shot of
it. So they're putting in their uh
resistance video. Uh they're up in their
resistance video game for sure in uh the
Iraqi resistance that we're seeing here.
the launch of the two drones from a safe
uh particular uh from a safe spot. This
is the um there's a number of the Iraq
Islamic resistance in Iraq is an
umbrella group. Um it has links that go
back to Kasamsulammani and the uh
Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps goods
force training these forces during the
war uh during the US occupation of Iraq
and the greater uh war on terror in the
region. So, in a lot of ways, we're
seeing come together um fighting forces
that were prepared by the same uh
organizations fighting in this war. The
targets of of these operations, there's
been more than 500 uh Iraqi resistance.
There you're seeing the embassy uh
building in um Baghdad burning. Uh US
bases in Kurdistan, 50 operations, 48 by
drones and two by missiles. This is just
by one group, Guardians of the Blood
Brigades. Um they've targeted uh Camp
Victory in Baghdad 21 times, 17 times by
drones and four by missiles. Targets in
Syria, 11 operations, nine by drones. In
Jordan, 13 operations all by drones.
They've also targeted Saudi Arabia, nine
operations, all drones. And also Kuwait,
six operations all by drones. So that's
one group. Um 110 operations just by
this group over 15 days.
Um, Al Jazer uh reported yesterday that
there's been more than 3,000 missiles
and drones fired at the Gulf States um
including 2,000 at the UAE, Israel's
biggest ally in the Gulf States. Um so
pretty significant uh scale of
operations from the Iraqi resistance
that have been going on um throughout
this battle. They joined the battle on
the first day and they're putting out 25
operations
uh each day um day in and day out.
Sometimes as many as uh 35 or 40. Let's
take a look at 34. You can see um one of
their targets. This is the um counter um
this is the counter um rockets uh
artillery and mortars. CRAM uh radar
targeted at um the US embassy base in
Baghdad. Um you can see that destroyed
um trying to down a drone. It was a
drone that hit it. So it's made for
rockets, artilleries, mortars, but it
should be um the C drram because the D
is the drones and that has been what has
been destroying these radars across the
region. And we get a view of it here
because in Baghdad you're in uh a
downtown area whereas the uh the other
targets of these radars are out in the
desert and we were getting the uh battle
damage assessment from the satellite
footage that we are no longer getting.
Um we can take a look at 35. You can see
that the um radar here is completely
destroyed. Multi-million dollar uh radar
uh being destroyed. um 36. You see, um
there's audio in 36.
You're going to see the CRM.
launching 20 mm
launching 20 mm rounds. Uh just firing
it out over the city uh close in. Um
that's the last line of defense is the
CRAM. Um the radar being destroyed on it
surely makes it slower. Um but you can
see also just the way that they're doing
this, firing uh effectively 20
millimeter bullets, rapid fire into the
city to try to shoot down uh one drone.
Um the next one we can see uh the same
thing. 37 is going to be um another view
of the same operation from a couple
nights ago.
There you hear
>> a direct target on the base. So, one was
hit by the uh by the CRAM and we saw
that one crash land and blow up uh just
outside of the base and then that was a
direct hit on the base. And if we look
at 38 here, this is interesting. This is
footage showing um Bahrain being used
for uh HIMAR launches, ballistic missile
launches by the US at Iran. Um a video
verified by the New York Times shows the
ballistic missiles being launched from
Bahrain in the direction of Iran and
what appears to be the first confirmed
instance of an attack on the Islamic
Republic originating from the Persian
Gulf uh from a Persian Gulf country
since the war began. using um using the
country for offensive operations. This
was revealed by accident in a propaganda
video by um by Sentcom. Um and so it's
uh the the government of Bahrain said
that um that it has not participated in
any offensive operations. We can see on
the right of this uh image that I'm
showing you. On the left you can see the
high Mars launcher um the missile
launcher and on the right you can see it
launching um and so we clearly know that
this is being that this uh that Bahrain
at least is being used for offensive
operations. You can guess that that
they're not alone in that. Um, since the
United States and Israel began um the
war on Iran earlier this month, um more
than 100 missiles and 200 drones have
been launched at Bahrain, mostly
concentrated on the United States fifth
fleet, which is the naval command for
Sentcom and and one of its two crucial
bases, three crucial bases in the region
with Aluade in Kuwait uh in Qatar and
then the uh bases in Kuwait are also
key. Um so that is the Iran front. We
are going to move now to Lebanon and
take a look at uh operations in Lebanon.
We can start with the map. More than 1
million place displaced persons already
in Lebanon approaching a thousand
killed, 2,200 wounded um including 38 uh
healthcare and paramedic workers, 74
wounded among health care workers. Um,
we saw that uh rocket barrage along the
border wounded uh uh Israeli finance
minister Bezel Smootrich's son. Uh that
got a lot of attention, but the
information is being held tightly by uh
Israel on this front as usual. Um but
let's take a look at um uh Naim Cassam,
the chief of uh Hezbollah here uh
releasing a video um with his fighters
in a tunnel. You're watching the
fighters move through the tunnel and
this is the speech from Shik Naim Kasum
from a couple of days ago. He says, "Let
it be clear. The battle we are waging is
the battle of the resistance and the
people of the resistance against the
Israeli aggression on Lebanon. We have
taken on as resistance the lessons and
morals of the previous battle. The
enemy's threats do not scare us and the
enemy will see our strength. There is no
such thing as defeat or surrender in our
dictionary. We will remain in the field
regardless of the sacrifices. We will
not retreat. This is our country. We
will not allow anyone to control its
fate, its decisions, and how its people
live. He said, "This is an existential
battle. We have prepared ourselves for a
long confrontation. The word now is for
the field." So the word now uh as
Hzbalah likes to say as Nasalli used to
say um watch the field now um we're
beyond words and this is showing um
Hzbala's readiness for this battle that
we will see uh over the coming minutes
that have been um impressive uh rate of
operations by Hzbollah that exceed any
of the previous rounds of battle um
after October 7th including the focus
war um on Lebanon and Hezbollah at the
end of 2024. So their pace of operations
is higher now. Hezbollah has carried out
426 operations as of yesterday and they
go round the clock when the day of their
uh field reports ends. They loop back
and they're already uh they're already
on um the new day. There's no uh no
letup in uh Hezbollah operations. Um
they've had a high of 51 uh operations
in a day, a high of 47. They're
averaging 27 operations a day. The 2024
war, they average 22 operations. The IDF
said 150 rockets a day uh are being
fired. So um Hezbollah has rejoined the
war in full force uh and full capability
which is something that if you listen to
western uh defense analysts you were
told uh was impossible because they had
been degraded. Not true. They are on the
battlefield stronger than ever. Let's
take a look at number 41. We have seen
now the uh reintroduction of the Almas
um anti-tank top attack anti-tank guided
missile system. Here we're watching on
we're on the missile for this view. The
camera is on the end of the missile and
we're seeing it uh hone in on the uh on
the tank uh on the turret hatch of the
tank uh direct hit on that tank. We've
we're seeing several tanks hit each day.
Uh this is of course the clearest one.
And to remind viewers that the Almas is
a um reverse engineered system that was
an Israeli spike system that Hezbollah
captured in the 2006 war, moved to Iran,
they reverse engineered it and made the
Almas and are now killing Israeli tanks
with that weapon. Um the next one you
can see is a Cornet anti-tank missile
strike. Again, we're seeing at pretty
significant distances um which is part
of the geography of the area, but also
puts lie to this idea that I Israel is
invading. Um Israel is moving to forward
positions that they had already
established. What you saw there on
screen was a massive burm with troops up
on top of it. That was uh the Jabo Balat
uh station. It's a forward base. And
there you can see with the uh you can
see the the cornet strike again at
significant distance but a direct hit on
what appears to be a tank uh on the edge
of that base there. Um that's one of
five forward bases that Israel has set
up and and Hezbollah has been hammering
those five bases that are set up. Um
according to the Israelis there's been
more than 1100 strikes so far in
Lebanon. Um and uh Israel believes that
there's a thousand Radwan uh special
forces that are below the Latani River
ready for that for the battle. The
Israelis have three divisions right now
spread across uh the Lebanon border. Um
the 36th division is in the forward uh
position on these bases. Um the 91st
Galilee division is taking uh the
eastern sector and on the western sector
is the reserve 146th division. Um so
they are planning to battle what they
think are uh a thousand RAD one forces.
Unclear uh how good their intelligence
are on that. Uh I would suspect not
great. Um let's take a look at 43.
There's also uh daily rocket barges. As
I said, 150 um rocket and missile
attacks from um Lebanon each day, some
days more. This operation you're seeing
here was 200 rocket barges. Um and
Hezbollah has um issued evacuation
warnings to all residents of Kirat
Shimmona are requested to evacuate
immediately. All residents of the town
of Naharia are also uh requested to
evacuate immediately and head south.
That was eight days uh before. There has
been multiple times in those eight days
that they have been warned and then this
operation came uh 8 days after that
warning a 200 rocket barrage um from
their multiple launch rocket systems.
And you can see um the fighters here
launching those rockets. Um, Hezbollah
has brought cameras along on these
operations a little bit more than uh we
were seeing in the last round. Um, but
you can see the launch of these rockets.
We saw on the show last week the Iron
Dome really struggling to handle these.
One of the reasons for that is the early
warning radars have been knocked out.
Um, and so the early warning radars
would give a more precise location to
the weaker radars and then those weaker
radars can dial in on the small segment
that they need to worry about. When the
early warning radar is out, that doesn't
exist anymore. These radars are picking
them up late. They're not picking them
up on an accurate trajectory and
therefore makes it more difficult to
intercept. We're seeing that with the
Iron Dome because it's down close to the
ground and you can see them missing. Um
it's a little harder to tell if that's
happening with the missiles um that
travel uh out of the atmosphere and
return to the atmosphere, but um you can
imagine that the loss of these high-v
value radars is having a significant
impact uh on the radar um tracking
system that the entire air defense array
is underpinned on. Just to put a further
point on that. So this was a 200 rocket
barrage and we can see in the next slide
what it looks like uh from the Israeli
side number 44.
We took out the the audio track out of
this one because the Israelis are just
so shocked at what's happening that
they're making squealing noises that
don't uh don't make for good radio and
television. But as you can see, um the
Iron Dome is not intercepting uh these
rockets that we're seeing during this
barrage. Um certainly not enough of them
uh to uh to match the
false uh exaggerated interception rate
that the Israelis like to tell people uh
both to make their equipment look
sophisticated but also to uh so their
population doesn't freak out. Um number
45. Let's watch 45 because this is the
launch uh of a of a FAT 110 ballistic
missile. Um um you can see Nasala there
on the missile. It says essentially um
praising God for supplying this uh who
gave this to us. We could not have done
this alone. And there you see the
launcher. Blessings to you to the master
of time, the Lord of Time. Uh and on the
launcher of this uh ballistic missile.
Again, this is headed for the IDF's home
front command headquarters southeast of
Tel Aviv. So, um, an accurate missile
with a heavy warhead, 300 to 500 kg
warhead sent at a very strategic
location with accuracy and from close
distance, which makes it a lot more
difficult to intercept um than um when
they're fired from Iran and have a
trajectory more established um for uh
the air defense array. Uh the next one
we see here 46 is a Fadi 6 versus Gilot.
And again, highv value targets. And this
video is interesting because you can
watch the fighters out here at night. Uh
in the audio track, you can hear the the
fighter jets buzzing overhead. Um but
they're out here in the dark setting up
their missile launcher for the Fatty 6
barrage that's going to be targeting
Mossad and Unit 8200
headquarters at Gleote. There's a lot of
dark uh on this video, but it's because
the fighters are setting up out in the
open uh to launch this barrage uh and
don't have lights on so that uh they're
not spotted. Um the Fatty 6 is a 302 mm
rocket uh 225 km range with 150 kilo
warhead. You can see there with the
lights the number of fighters they're
going to truck launch um these uh
heavier missiles. The 56 um has a
guidance kit that was added to the 302.
Um, and the there's a number of
Hezbollah additions that they have made
onto these to put precision guided kits
on previously unguided rockets um to
effectively make them a missile and
they're targeting uh much more
effective. The fighter at the end here
is saying that um that they are
committed to the covenant, the covenant
of Hezbollah. They are rooted in this
land. We are defending its honorable
people. He says before he launches
there, you get a good look of the truck
launcher and the size of the FOD uh six.
It's a it's a large missile
um that was part of this barrage.
There's a whole uh series of FODI
missiles that have been improved and
these are some of the things that are
left over from the last war because
Israel uh told us that they had
destroyed some uh untrue number
percentage of Hzbollah's missile um and
rocket capability. But those numbers uh
coming into the war were believed to be
in the tens and hundreds of thousands
for each type of missile. their 122 mm
grad rockets. They had a 100,000 of
them. Um so even if um some percentage
of them were knocked out, they still
have significant capabilities. And
that's what Naim Kasam was talking about
uh in that opening uh in his in his
speech that we are ready for a long
fight. We are prepared for it. Um we
have shifted with the lessons learned
from the previous battle and we are
applying them uh on the ground in this
battle. Um there you see the multiple
launcher in the corner there. Um and you
can see the truck mounted uh truck
launched um system there. And there you
see Nasallah
um his supplication saying God you who
when it matters most when matters become
most difficult you open the door for us
that even imagination could not reach.
Um so they had Nasarallah and then
Nasalla signed that. So that was his uh
message from the Quran for his fighters
and they're using that at the base of
the launcher. Again, something that we
have seen with all of these resistance
groups linking these um to their fallen
commanders um recognizing their history
and respecting it uh in the battle uh
today uh as we have for the last three
years really. Let's look at number 47.
Um, this is a drone unit. And this is
this one is rare. I'm trying to give you
a cross-section of uh of Hezbollah
videos. They released more than that
this week, but these are a good
cross-section. And this is something we
don't see much from Hezbollah. This is a
long single tracking shot um from the
GoPro camera on the fighter's head. Um,
that gives you an idea of the battle
space. Um, you can see the gorillas in
the jungle here. Essentially, you're
talking about the bush, the forest, um
the hilly forests of South Lebanon. Um
you can see the shelter it gives and
they're launching Hasbah built uh Siad
107 drones here. A drone swarm targeting
um uh Israeli base separate, which is an
armor and weapons production base.
Again, highv value targets hit with a
drone swarm. This is from uh the 9th of
March, although the video was released
this week. And you can see them setting
up each of these uh SID 107 drones um
hooking up their guidance systems um
launching them their rocket assisted
launch um but also just the landscape.
And that's why when Israel says it's
invading Lebanon, you need to look at
this surroundings. You need to see the
bush, the trees, the mountains, what it
means to invade um
to truly invade and not just tell your
people uh in a press release that you're
going um to fight um because this is a
very difficult battle space. And a video
like this that we don't see very often.
Part of the reason we don't see it is
because of the expanse of this area. Um
it's not like Gaza where they could have
where they carry out the operations,
they have video of it, they send a
runner um to get the video. Um here you
have fighters in positions spread out
all across many many miles of the south.
Um and the distance that they have
between them and um and the Israelis is
also a significant distance which is why
you see those um
um anti-tank guided missile strikes
taking uh so long to get there and how
good a shot it is to get it to cover
those multiple kilometers um more than
five in some cases. Uh but that's why we
don't get the same type of videos as we
get uh on the ground in Gaza and why we
get videos uh often a week or more later
um because of the spread out nature of
this battle. And you can see they're
launching these um from full shelter of
the bush in South Lebanon. They're also
on the high ground uh in South Lebanon.
And so you can see there uh here the
fighter says it's time to it's time to
move out. So they launched their dozen
drones. Um and the still the same single
shot. It's a interesting shot there. Uh
let's look at number 48. Another rocket
barrage. Um this is against u the an
Israeli base um in the upper Galilee. Um
and this is one of 98 operations that
Hezbollah carried out in the 72 hours
around this. Um, so they're carrying out
a tempo, as I said, that's greater than
we had seen in previous battles. Um,
uh, and it's significant that they are
getting us these videos over this large
space. You can see them, uh, controlling
their controller there. Um and there you
see them saluting their um fallen
leaders Hisham Safhadin Nasallah. Uh
Safedadin was assassinated after Nasraa
and Naim Kasam who is the uh secretary
general of Hezbollah today. So all three
of those on um the launcher of this
barrage. And again, as Hezbollah likes
to do, they show you uh settler camera
footage of the strikes. Um uh in Zatim,
which is just north of Safed. Um in 49,
we see a cruise missile. So, this is the
first we have seen uh in this round of
the launch of a cruise missile. You can
see the turbo jet on the top there.
We're seeing a picture of Nasala again
um in this shed. Um, and you're going to
see um written on the wall um a verse
from the Quran that says um to prepare
against them whatever force you can. Um
so again uh strong messaging, tight
messaging. Um as ever um Fabian Hintz
from the International Institute for
Strategic Studies noted that on that
Pava cruise missile, an Iranian cruise
missile um that he noticed um jamming
resistance uh CP antenna for satellite
navigation um on that. So even more
difficult to bring down. Um and one
final operation uh a rocket barrage
versus Naharia. Again, Nahar is on the
northernmost uh west coast of Israel. Um
this is a swarm of Sed 107 drones built
by Hezbollah and 122 mm GRAD rockets um
targeting the uh coastal city. Again,
they were given evacuation warnings um
as uh early as the 8th of March to
evacuate those uh communities that are
right along the border that Israel is
using as military bases um from which to
strike uh Lebanon. And so they matched
uh Israel's evacuation warnings with
warnings of their own. Um again, so this
is uh by the time you watch this video,
Hezbollah will be 500 operations deep.
Um they're carrying out um in in the 30s
basically uh operations every single
day. Um and they said that this battle
is existential
um and that they are prepared to be in
the field for the um entire battle as
long as is necessary.
um which maybe isn't quite the same
language that we heard during the
October 7th um Lebanon front. Um so
we'll have to keep our eyes peeled on
that. That is the Lebanon front. And
this has been the resistance report for
day 895
of Israel's genocide in Gaza and day 20
of the USIsraeli war with Iran.
Hey, hey, hey.